Add test vectors from Project Wycheproof for secp256r1 (#2007)
CosmWasm/cosmwasm: packages/crypto/testdata/wycheproof/README.md

# Wycheproof test data

This folder contains test vectors from
[Project Wycheproof](https://github.com/google/wycheproof) to increase the test
coverage of signature verification implementations.

This test data is used by integration tests in `test/wycheproof_*.rs`.

## Update

> To ensure integrety if the files and update them to the latest version, run this

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To ensure integrity of the files and update them to the latest version, run this
```
